v5.24 Changelog (#3622)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

 - Ability to enable mentions for LDAP-synced groups so users can notify the entire group at the same time.

#### Manage users from the System Console (E20)
 - Ability to view and manage members via each team or channel configuration page.

#### Sync profile images from AD/LDAP (E10) 
 - Ability to ensure compliance with corporate policies by automatically syncing profile images from AD/LDAP.

#### Automatically extending user sessions
 - Ability to enable a feature that automatically extends session lengths when users are active on Mattermost apps.

#### Access CLI remotely
 - Ability to manage Mattermost without having direct access to the server with a new Local Mode for mmctl.

#### Improved search experience
 - Ability to use the mouse or keyboard to select search filters instead of typing them manually.
 
#### Slash command autocomplete framework (Beta)
 - Ability to make slash commands easier to use and increase discoverability with a new slash command autocomplete framework for plugins.

#### Full-text search and indexing (Experimental)
 - Ability to use Bleve to execute search functionality instead of the database.

### Improvements

#### Enterprise Edition (EE)

>  - All Enterprise Edition features are now disabled after the grace period is over instead of only after a server restart. Also, the grace period was changed from 15 to 10 days. Please see https://mattermost.com/pricing/#faq for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Grace period after Enterprise Edition subscription expires was reduced from 15 days to 10 days. Moreover, Enterprise features are now disabled immediately after the grace period is over, instead of only after a server restart. Please see https://mattermost.com/pricing/#faq for more details.
```

>  - Restricted Database read/search replicas to be only available on Enterprise Editions E10 and E20.

Reviewer: Let's note this as a bug fix, as it was already restricted to E10/E20 in the docs.

```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where database read and search replicas were available in Team Edition, leading to unsupported server configuration.
```

## Release v5.24 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)

**Release day: 2020-06-16**

### Breaking Changes
 - A new configuration setting, ``ExtendSessionLengthWithActivity`` automatically extends sessions to keep users logged in if they are active in their Mattermost apps. It is recommended to enable this setting to improve user experience if compliant with your organizations policies. [Learn more here](https://mattermost.com/blog/session-expiry-experience).
 - The ``mattermost_http_request_duration_seconds`` histogram metric (in Enterprise Edition) has been removed. This information was already captured by ``mattermost_api_time``, which also contains the api handler name, HTTP method, and the response code. As an example, if you are using ``rate(mattermost_http_request_duration_seconds_sum{server=~"$var"}[5m]) /   rate(mattermost_http_request_duration_seconds_count{server=~"$var"}[5m])`` to measure average call duration, it needs to be replaced with ``sum(rate(mattermost_api_time_sum{server=~"$var"}[5m])) by (instance) /   sum(rate(mattermost_api_time_count{server=~"$var"}[5m])) by (instance)``.

>  - Due to fixing performance issues related to emoji reactions, the performance of the upgrade has been affected in that the schema upgrade now takes more time in environments with lots of reactions in their database. These environments are recommended to perform the schema migration during low usage times and potentially in advance of the upgrade. Since this migration happens before the Mattermost Server is fully launched, non-High Availability installs will be unreachable during this time.

Reviewer 2: @amyblais Can we point them to the queries or add them here as well?

Author: Added a link,

 - Fixed an issue where the autocomplete list of channels remained populated after a user cleared the search on **Add user to a channel** modal.
 - Fixed an issue where Integrations menu was available for member and team admin roles only if with oAuth2 permission.
 - Fixed an issue where empty strings for ``auth_data`` created invalid users for LDAP sync during bulk import.
 - Fixed an issue where bulk import did not report errors when importing posts failed.
 - Fixed an issue where Compliance Export reported "success" when failing to export a missing file.
 - Fixed an issue where the user interface got stuck when leaving an archived channel.
 - Fixed an issue where Unicode characters appeared in users' display names.
 - Fixed an issue where a failed plugin installation from the plugin marketplace retried automatically.
 - Fixed an issue where markdown images hosted by plugins did not appear if local image proxy was enabled.
 
### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to `config.json`. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in `config.json`, or the System Console when available.

> #### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:

Author: Will update descriptions once all doc PRs are done
